And then I can, you know, and it gets all convoluted and it ends up being me wanting to fix that person and understanding at least intellectually now that there's no way to do that. I mean, they're gonna have their suffering. Because you've had empathy and shared those feelings, you wanna fix them so that you can fix your own. So that my pain will stop. And of course that's all mixed around. And the real challenge is to say, I can't fix somebody else. They're going to suffer. I might be helpful, but I can't help. I can't make their pain stop. But it's really, I mean, we're engineers. We wanna fix things, you know? And so we see that and that's just an impulse. And letting go of that for some reason is really hard. Absolutely, and I'm glad you mentioned that because it's true, like sometimes compassion just involves being present with someone's pain and not trying to make it go away. Because again, if you are trying to like fix their pain, it's almost like you're saying to them, like you shouldn't feel this way and there's something wrong with you for feeling this way. And then that's not very compassionate because then they feel on top of feeling bad, they feel bad about feeling bad because they're bringing you down. And they feel unseen and yeah, there's all those things, yeah. So this ties back to a question I wanna ask you, which is, it sounds like for your journey into this, the self-compassion almost led your journey. And so you had to find the self-compassion to then be able to then have the external compassion. Am I, was I picking that up right? Yeah, that is kind of how I explained it. And I think, you know, of course, in reality it was probably kind of this in parallel a bit, you know, because I also think that I was always harder on myself than I was on other people. So no matter how much of a jerk-pranker I may have been to others, I think I was always the ultimate jerk to myself. Like in sense of like, I was very perfectionist and I still kind of am. I've said something that's like one of my struggles, right? Is like perfectionism. And that involves being really hard on myself about like when I make a mistake or whatnot. Like I, it's hard. Like I was doing an art, like a sip and paint night last night where, you know, you have a glass of wine and do some painting and like, I'm not a painter. And so what I produced like wasn't good. It was like fine. And I was just like, to be honest, I was very uncomfortable because I was just like, I'm doing something that's not perfect. It's like very bad. And it's like, you know, obviously I should have just been having fun, but anyway, or I want it to have fun. Should is one of those words from nonviolent communication that, you know, to avoid. So I try to catch myself when I say should and shouldn't. Well, and this is why art is therapy is because it brings all of that stuff up and you look at it in a different context and you go, oh, look, I'm stuck on this because it has to be perfect in my head. And then, but then there's the balance of that and then going, all right, am I expressing myself? You know, am I connecting with this? And that's where you wanna go versus, oh no, I might mess it up or I have messed it up or it's not perfect the way I imagine it to be. It's a whole journey. Yeah. Absolutely, yeah. And I think to the other point about, yeah, I think when you are compassionate with yourself, I think it does kind of like give you a little bit of safety to feel like you have the capacity to be more compassionate towards others. And so, because you know that like you have this home base that's safe that you can come back to, I think that does help people open their heart a bit more. And so that's why I like to start with self-compassion too when I teach, because I think it's, I think especially in the audience that I have in tech, like they're also really hard on themselves, like how I am and definitely was more so in the past. And so I think it's like, you expect me to be nice to these other people, but like, you know, it's like the lion with a thorn in his paw, you know what I mean? It's like, they're hurting so much on their own that they, of course they don't, you know, they're gonna be lashing out at others and whatnot. So you kind of have to help them heal that wound a bit. And that said, it's not of course, yeah, sorry, go ahead. Your example of the Reddit comment, it's if you weren't able to come back to a place of self-compassion when you read that comment, then that could just derail you and what you're trying to accomplish and all that. So being able to have that as the foundation seems helpful. Oh, I think it's essential. I don't know if you have to start there. I think you can start by trying to be compassionate with other people and then eventually realizing, oh, I need to treat myself this way too. But I don't know if that's, that might not be the most direct path. I think starting with understanding, but I don't know, you live your whole life being that way and it's not something you can just go, oh, I'm being mean to myself. Stop doing that. I should. Absolutely. And it's also true. It's like, and that's why I think it kind of happens in parallel too. And I think different people will kind of gravitate towards one approach more over the others. Some people are just naturally more giving and they're sometimes over giving and whatnot. And so to be honest for them, it might help to start with understanding what compassion for others feels like just because that is easier for them to start with. So you're absolutely right. I think that sometimes that's easier to start with. And then you realize, hey, I'm being so nice to everybody else that maybe I can throw some of that kindness my way as well. Especially if you have a teacher who can guide you to see that. I think Kristen Neff, one thing that she always says is speak to yourself as you would a good friend. And so I think the implication there is most of us actually do know how to be compassionate with our friends to some degree. At least we know how to try. We might sometimes use some empathy blockers by accident when we're trying to help. We might try to fix them, et cetera. But we at least know what we're trying to do, which is to support our friends. And yet sometimes we beat ourselves up. For example, to tie this back to programming, it's like, if you break the build, you might be like, oh my gosh, I'm such an idiot for breaking the build. It's so bad that I broke the build and kind of be like, how could I do that? I guess I'm just not a good programmer. And I guess like, you know what I mean? Like I let my team down. I've thrown off everybody's day. Versus if your friend did it or like somebody you're mentoring or whatever, you'd probably be like, it's okay, we're gonna fix it. Like, you know what I mean? And say like, I know that was a tough thing to go through, but we're gonna take these steps and then we're gonna see what we learned from it. And you kind of have this, you know what I mean? So you can kind of apply that. If you can apply that to yourself, then you save some of your energy so that you have more to give to others and the world. That's cool. So let's talk a little bit about your, what you do in your compassionate coding stuff. Tell us about what you've been on this journey for, I think you said eight years now. What is it that you're doing? So it usually starts off with somebody like in leadership at like a tech company will reach out and say, hey, you know, either we're struggling with XYZ or we're actually pretty good. I have a bunch of jerks. Yeah, exactly, pretty much. And I wanna fix them. Exactly, yeah. Or more often lately, especially it's like, you know, we feel like everyone's actually really nice on the team, but they're not really communicating. And so they're like, quote unquote, nice, you know? And so, you know, cause there's like the soft side of compassion and there's also like the tougher, like fiercer side of compassion. And so sometimes like lately, what I have been doing is they'll say, yeah, everyone's so afraid of like offending each other or like whatever that they're not actually saying some, when we need to address something, they're not speaking up. And so sometimes it's about like assertiveness cause that also goes, ties in with compassion. Cause if you're really, if compassion is really about alleviating suffering, then sometimes that's gonna mean having a tough conversation about what's going on. And so sometimes that's what the issue is. So anyway, they'll come and I'll do an interview with the leadership and then some people on the team, kind of like user interviews, that kind of thing. It's, you know, it's kind of research interviews to understand what's going on on the team, some of the dynamics, some of the values on the team. And then I'll create a workshop, a training for them, tailored to some of the issues going on and using examples that are based on like what they've shared with me of things that have happened on the team. And so it's very customized. So it's not like one of these, like, oh, I just have a standard deck and I just kind of click through and read off of a script. I like to, cause that would be boring for me to be honest. And I think as an engineer, we were always, like I was always bored by those kinds of presentations. And so I don't, I, that was part of, in starting my own company, I was like, no, I'm not going to do it like that. Like I'm going to do it where it's like tailored, it's relevant. And I even put coding in the name, even though technically a lot of what I talk about can apply to anyone. And I've even had people like, I was telling my banker, like what I do or whatever. And they're like, can you give that for like the financial industry? Cause we need that too and whatnot. But so it really does apply. But the reason I threw coding in there is because what I found is with engineers, a lot of times what they care about most is the code. And so if I can start from, here's how, if you understand compassion and look at it, here's how it might affect how you name variables or how you design systems, or you know what I mean? Like how the architecture that you choose, the API design choices, if you can see how compassion might inform that, then I think that that helps them pay attention more. Cause they're like, oh, she's speaking our language. Like she, you know, so it's a way to connect. And so that's why I kept coding in the name because it's like, even though we may not write code specifically in the session, although I have given like compassionate coding workshops on like test-driven JavaScript, for example, in which it is a coding workshop. It's just, these principles are underpinning it where it's like from a place of compassion, both in how I teach it and how, you know, the types of code that we're writing and how we go about it, the things we say to ourselves as we do it. So it really can apply in every way. But yeah, typically the workshops are divided into like, we talk about self-compassion. We talk about, you know, understanding our own emotions.